---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/03-06-2025/"}
---

**Current Experience**
**Fina: 13538**
**Merrick: 12500**
**Saska: 11992**

- The group heads to Solomon's library, which is a converted chapel to Oghma.
- They enter the library using the passcode, they meet with Nimnox, Solomon's bound imp librarian.
- Fina checks the section on Folktales for the any mention of Fae in the Bramblewood. (+100 xp)

- Fina and Saska pick up the following books at the library:
	- whispers of beneath: the moon tales of the fae courts.
	- of acorns and oaths: the binding laws of the fae
	- the Faewild almanac
	- Wyrms of the West: A Survey of Amnian Dragons
	- essence and elixir: practical guide to potions
	- herbal lexicon
	- smoke and salt, alchemy in the kitchen
	- Crimson vial: poisons and antidotes
- Fina and the others talk about Saska's sister and the Fey.
- Fina thinks about going to the temple of Selune to ask about the midsummer comet fall over Bramblewood.

- Saska learns a bit about Fey Law:
	- Avoid making **open-ended promises**.
	- Never **accept a gift** without understanding its meaning.
	- If unsure, **speak in riddles**—fey respect cleverness and ambiguity.
	- Always ask: _“What does this mean to you?”_ before agreeing to anything.

- Fina learns about draconic bloodlines for sorcerers:
	- There is a red dragon bloodline, on of whose members runs a bakery in Baldur's Gate.
	- She learns that some sorcerers use meditation to calm their draconic urges.
	- There is a silver dragon bloodline whose members are all paladins.

- Merrick asks Saska if it's possible that Fina's parents lied or were manipulated into forgetting about the circumstances of her rescue from the **Lady of the Hollow Wood**.

**New Experience Levels**
**Fina: 13938**
**Merrick: 12900**
**Saska: 12392**




