---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/07-02-2025/"}
---

**Current total Experience: 3321**** *(Next level is 6500)*

- The group finds the Cult of Malar in the woods who have summoned a Balgura. 
- Fina casts long strider on Saska to increase her movement.
- A pitched battle ensues between the party and the Malarites.
- Saska accidentally frees the Barlgura by throwing one of the Malarites into the circle.
- The Barlgura turns on its summoners.
- The party are heavily injured but eventually come out on top.
- After defeating the malarites and the Barlgura, the party meet with the survivors from the adventuring party, Gideon and Elowen, that attempted this quest before and the caravan owner, Fenwick, who was being prepped for a hunt.
- They went back to the site of the destroyed caravan so that they could use magic to fix it up as they also recovered the goods (silks and spices).

### Experience
**Experience for this session - 
100 each for the session
Balgura - 1800
Nira - 200
Brakkish - 450
Tersha - 450
Vareth - 700

**Exp after session - 4321**

### Treasure
- **Bloodfang Dagger *(Dagger, Uncommon, Requires Attunement)*** - Veren
	- Once belonged to **Shadowfang Nira**. Its blade glistens unnaturally.
	- Deals an additional **1d6 poison damage** on a hit.
	- On a **critical hit**, the target must make a **DC 13 Constitution save** or be **poisoned** for 1 minute.
	
- **Tersha’s Ritual Fang *(Wand, Uncommon, Requires Attunement by a Spellcaster)*** - Sell
	- A **gnarled wolf’s fang**, infused with dark druidic magic.
	- Allows the wielder to **cast Hunter’s Mark (1/day)** and **Entangle (1/day)** without using a spell slot.

- **Demonblood Bracer *(Wondrous Item, Uncommon, Requires Attunement)*** - Saska
	- Made from a **Barlgura’s hide**, still faintly pulsing.
	- Grants **advantage on Strength (Athletics) checks** and **grappling attempts**.
	- Once per day, when the wearer is **reduced to 0 HP**, they can **choose to drop to 1 HP instead**, but they gain **one level of exhaustion**.

- **Shadowstep Sandals *(Wondrous Item, Uncommon, Requires Attunement**)* - Veren
	- Taken from **Shadowfang Nira**, these lightweight sandals have a **soft black leather sole**.
	- When moving at least **10 feet** before making an attack, the wearer can **become lightly obscured (like dim light) until the end of their turn**.
	- Once per day, as a **bonus action**, the wearer can **teleport 15 feet to an unoccupied space they can see**.
	
- **Claw of the Beastlord**  *(Wondrous Item, Uncommon, Requires Attunement by a Monk, Barbarian, Druid, or Ranger)* - Saska
	- This **crimson claw-shaped amulet** was worn by High Stalker Vareth.
	- **+1 to attack and damage rolls** with **unarmed strikes**.
	- Once per day, the wearer can **emit a terrifying howl** (bonus action).
		- **DC 13 Wisdom save** or **frightened until the end of their next turn**.

- Half-plate (750gp)
- Ornate skulls (10gp)
- Greatsword