---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/08-05-2025/"}
---

**Current Experience** *(experience to next level - 14,000)*
**Fina: 12638**
**Merrick: 11600**
**Saska: 8592**

- The group go to the pub, where Fina looks through the notes they found and see if there is an antidote.
- On the way, they pass the Dome of Rose, in which Merrick has something of an interest.
- They travel back to the Mithrest Inn, and have a bottle of red wine from the Bramblewood.
- They chat around the table drinking wine, Merrick talks about himself at length.
- Veren teases Fina for her lack of vocabulary.
- Saska arrives back from the wilds with Master Rook and opts to continue training with him for now - he tells her to watch out for the School of the Long Death.
- The gang talk a little about Fina's heritage, and Veren suggests that maybe the mountains to the North of the Bramblewood might be home to a White Dragon.  Merrick has heard rumours of more intelligent white dragons, but knows that, in general, they are among the most bestial of dragons.
- Saska finishes up her training with Master Rook, she heads to the Mithrest inn and is almost spotted by Riven Redhands on the way.  Redhands spoke to one of his men, who started looking around, spotted Saska and will report back to the Riven - *he now knows that Saska survived*.
- They part ways for the night with Veren going back to his lodgings at the *Adamantine Cup*. Fina, Saska and Lunetta pay for another three nights at the Mithrest Inn (6 GP), and Merrick pays for one night in a cheaper room (1 GP).
- Merrick bonds with Fina and Saska, attempting to groom them.
- Fina reads the notes about the poison and finds out about a possible (if short-lived, vaccine).
- The poisonous flower is called Nullroot.
- The vaccine consist:
	- Nullroot extract
	- Uletta berries - causes hallucination
	- Silverthorn Bark
	- Rusk oil 
	- Alchemical Binding Agent - medium


**Current Experience** *(experience to next level - 14,000)*
**Fina: 12938**
**Merrick: 11900**
**Saska: 11392 (+2500 xp for adventure with Master Rook)

