---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/20-05-2025/"}
---

**Current Experience** *(experience to next level - 14,000)*
**Fina: 12938**
**Merrick: 11900**
**Saska: 11392**

- The group left the Mithrest Inn and picked up Veren at the Adamantine Cup.  They then went to visit Solomon at the House of Law.
- Solomon is busy at the moment, but the group are told that they can make an appointment for later in the afternoon.
- The group visited the temple of Lathander, and heard from Paladin Galt that a statuette has been stolen from one of the shrines to Lathander.  The group received a letter allowing them to look into it from Dawnmaster Kreel.
- After lunch, the group head back to the House of Law to see Solomon.
- The group talk with Solomon and give him a report.  He thanks the group and pays them their 400Gp, he also allows them access to his library.  Giving her a passphrase to enter it in Chultese "May you receive good gold."  He says that he isn't sure if he currently has any books that would help her, but she is free to browse.  He also mentions that there is a reserved section that is similarly warded that they do not have the passphrase for.  Merrick also introduces himself to Solomon. Fina asks if there is any place that he buys his book from, Solomon tells her to visit the 'Paper Lantern' in the south side of the city.
- The group decides to visit the Waukeen's Promenade, to see the market.

**Experience:**
Session experience (each) - 300xp

**New Experience Level***
**Fina: 13238**
**Merrick: 12200**
**Saska: 11692**
