---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/25-01-2025/"}
---

**Current total Experience: 2921** *(Next level is 6500)*

- Saska is training with Master Rook when she is told than a former apprentice of his will be arriving in a few days time.  After training she heads to the Golden Cup to meet with Fina.
- Fina goes to the temple of Salune, and meets with **Sister Elarinya** who talks to her about her Elvish heritage.
- Fina goes to find a stationers so that she can write a letter to her mother.  She sends a letter to her mother (the contents of which will be written in the interim)
- Saska meets with **Lunetta Meadowberry** in the street, and takes her along to the Golden Cup.
- **Veren** and **Lunetta** meet each other.
- Fina meets with **Lunetta**.
- Fina, Saska and Lunetta attend a service to Selune at the temple.  Fina donates 8Gp, 6 silver and 1 copper piece to the temple.
- Fina is **blessed by Selune** (1d4 to Saving throws and attack checks until the following day).
- Fina, Saska and Lunetta purchased 3 nights at the **Mithrest Inn**, the fanciest inn in Athkatla, for 30Gp.  The owner, **Pugney**, greets them and offers them exemplary service.
- They meet with the maid, **Elsa**, who they heavily tip and give a beer from the magic fridge.
- They have breakfast at the inn in the morning.
- The three went to the Adventurer's Guild and accepted the quest **"Trouble on the Trade Road"**.

**Experience for this session - 150xp each.**
**Exp after session - 3071.**

