---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/28-02-2025/"}
---

**Current total Experience: 4321** *(Next level is 6500)*

- The group arrive back in Athkatla and part ways with Gideon and Elowen.  Fenwick goes to drop off his cargo, and pays the group a couple of silver to escort his cargo back to the warehouse.  They do so and earn 2 silver each.
- They check in at the adventurer's guild and get paid for their work on the trade road - receiving *75gp* and a *Potion of Greater Healing*.
- Charlotte asks the group if they would like to go and take care of the Beacon in the hills outside of town, saying that they should maybe check in with the scholar researching the Beacon, **Tarlindor Brightflame**, who is staying at the Pearl and Silver. They agree.
- Fina also receives a letter from Solomon Agolo asking her to attend him in the House of Law at her earliest convenience.  The group decide to check in with him first.
- They visit Solomon, and tells the group that the weapon they found earlier is Lantanese technology, having been smuggled in from Lantan.  He asks them to find the smugglers and report who they are to him.  They agree to do so in exchange for access to his library, but want to do the quest with the beacon first.
- They talk a little bit about Fina's lineage.
- They meet with Tarlindor Brightflame who goes on and on about the Shoon Empire.
- Tarlindor tells them that the Shoon Empire crystalised magic to use in tools, and that is partially how the beacon works.  Fina learns that it might be possible to crystalise some dispelling magic and use that to release the Lady of the Hollow Wood.  She will need to find out more about how the Empire does this though.
- Saska goes to train with Master Rook and the rest of the party watches.
- Fina goes to visit Sister Elarinya at the temple of Selune, she is introduced to Saska.
- Fina purchases a **Bloodwell Vial +1** from the Cowled Wizards.
- After that the group heads out and into the hills to deal with the beacon.

### Experience
**Experience for this session - 

**Session exp - 350xp**

**Exp after session - 4671**

